BATCH -E16
PROJECT - FORWARD COLLISION AVOIDANCE USING FM WAVES.
TEAM MEMBERS: KAMALESHWARAN B(211418104107)
				KARAN SANJEEV S(211418104110)

Welcome to our project which implements the alert system for vechicles to avoid the collisons in challenging conditions and to prevent accedents.

This is an android application and built over the android studio tool.

Lets see the steps for implementing and installing our project in your android phone

Our Specs:
	# ANDROID OS :8.0 AND ABOVE
	# RAM	 	: 2gb minimum
	# Storage space   : 4gb ssd minimum
	# Transmitter and Receiver of the car
	# car EUC unit
	# Airbag sensor

STEPS FOR INSTALLATION:
 
Step 1: Download the jdk version 1.7 and above .

Step 2: download the android studio (any version with proper gradle support for the application.

Step 3: in virtual device browse and install the android oreo version ( version 8.0) and also choose a preferable device of ur choice and create the virual AVD.

Step 4: check for the status of the device in AVD manager and clear all the cache.

Step 5: All the above process will take few mins even more than 30 minutes so wait for it and also check for the gradle build completed under gradle option.

Step 6: Once all the AVD and the Gradle build is completed, create the java files as per the source code and copy paste the code.

Step 7: Similarly create the xml files as per the source code and copy paste the code .

Step 8: After creation of both java and Xml files compile the program . by doing so the .class files will be created in the local machine.

Step 9: Select the virtual machine you have developed in step 3 and 4 and click run.

Step 10: The AVM manager will start the virtual machine and does the gradle build accordingly and installs the application on the virtual machine.

Step 11: the virtual machine boots up and the FOCA application open automatically and further working as such the project.

Step 12: If the application doesnt boot up automatically , browse thru the phone and the application icon will be visible double click and open the app to use it.
 

